CS 365 Final Project Idea:

	Battle Ship. Have 2 grids per screen, one labeled “Your Guesses” and the other labeled “Your Ships”. A player should be able to place the ships themselves or choose the random placement button to randomly place the ships. A player will click on a square on the “Your Guesses” side to guess. If there is an opponent ship there, the square will turn red on both screens, and a blowing up sound will play. If there is not an opponent ship there, the square will turn white and no sound will happen. If an opponent’s ship is sunk, all squares for that ship will turn black, signaling that that ship has been sunk. Once you have guessed a square, you cannot re-guess on that square. There will be a reset button on each opponent’s screen, requesting to reset the game. If one person clicks on the button, it will ask the other individual if they want to reset. There will also be a forfeit button, where one of the players can forfeit the game, making the other player the winner. There will be a log in, so each user will have an individual name and the log in should keep track of the number of wins each player has earned and display them in a leaderboard. If there are already two people playing the game and a third person tries to log in, it will tell that user that they are a spectator and they will be able to watch the match. If one of the current players loses or forfeits, it should give the spectator a message similar to “There is now an empty spot. Join game?”. If that player picks join, they will become a new player in a new game. If that player clicks continue spectating, they will continue to spectate. 

Order of tackling:
1)	Build the page the way we want it to be. Get the two grids on the board in a nice way, get all of the buttons showing up where we want them to. This includes doing all HTML and CSS.
2)	Figure out how to place ships on the grid. Have the player be able to select which ship they want to place, whether or not that ship is vertical or horizontal, and where on the board they want to place it.
3)	Figure out the random placement button. If the player clicks this button, the ships on their side should be randomly placed in the grid.
4)	Figure out how to link the grids across the server. Player 1’s “Your guesses” grid should link up with Player 2’s “Your ships” grid and vice versa.
5)	Figure out the squares changing colors and sounds. If a player clicks on a square that an opponent’s ship occupies, the square should turn red and a blowing up sound should appear. If there is not a ship there, the square should turn white and no sounds should occur. If a ship has been sunk, all squares for that ship should turn black.
6)	Figure out how to have individual log in. When a user logs in, there should be a ‘Wins’ element somewhere on the screen that keeps track of how many wins you have made as that player. 
7)	Figure out the leaderboard. Each person who has previously logged in on that server should be displayed in the leaderboard with their total number of wins logged. This leaderboard should be able to be seen by all players.
8)	Figure out the spectator function. If there is more than two players, have the first two to log in play the game and have any other players automatically spectate. If the game ends, change the third player who logged in to ask if they want to join the game. If not, continue through the list of players who have logged in. If no one says they want to play, tell the first player that they are waiting for player 2.
9)	Figure out the forfeit button. If one of the players clicks the forfeit button, ask that player “Are you sure you want to forfeit?” If they click yes, have the game end with one player seeing the win page and the other player seeing the lost page. 

Ships:
	Name:		Size:
	Carrier		5
    Battleship	4
    Cruiser		3
    Submarine	3
    Destroyer	2
